.TH TAGGREPPER "1" "July 2009" "taggrepper 0.01" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
taggrepper \- search and match tags of media file for regular expressions
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B taggrepper
[\fI--tag-label regexp\fR]... [\fI--display-taglabel\fR]... [\fIFILE/DIRECTORY\fR]...
.SH DESCRIPTION
Perform a regular expression search on the tags of specified media files.
.PP
Mandatory arguments to long options are mandatory for short options
too. All regular expressions are Perl Compatible Regular expressions
supported by the PCRE libraries. Note that all matches are ANDed,
meaning that for a successful match, matches against all tags must
occur.

.TP
\fB\-t\fR, \fB\-\-title\fR=\fIREGEXP\fR
Match the title tag against REGEXP
.TP
\fB\-a\fR, \fB\-\-artist\fR=\fIREGEXP\fR
Match the artist tag against REGEXP
.TP
\fB\-l\fR, \fB\-\-album\fR=\fIREGEXP\fR
Match the album, tag against REGEXP
.TP
\fB\-y\fR, \fB\-\-year\fR=\fIREGEXP\fR
Match the year tag against REGEXP
.TP
\fB\-g\fR, \fB\-\-genre\fR=\fIREGEXP\fR
Match the genre tag against REGEXP
.TP
\fB\-c\fR, \fB\-\-comment\fR=\fIREGEXP\fR
Match the comment tag against REGEXP
.TP
\fB\-\-track\fR=\fIREGEXP\fR
Match the track tag against REGEXP
.TP
\fB\-c\fR, \fB\-\-composer\fR=\fIREGEXP\fR
Match the composer tag against REGEXP
.TP
\fB\-o\fR, \fB\-\-orig\-artist\fR=\fIREGEXP\fR
Match the original artist tag against REGEXP
.TP
\fB\-c\fR, \fB\-\-copyright\fR=\fIREGEXP\fR
Match the copyright tag against REGEXP
.TP
\fB\-u\fR, \fB\-\-url\fR=\fIREGEXP\fR
Match the URL tag against REGEXP
.TP
\fB\-e\fR, \fB\-\-encoded\-by\fR=\fIREGEXP\fR
Match the encoded\-by tag against REGEXP
.TP
\fB\-\-any\-tag\fR=\fIREGEXP\fR
Match the encoded\-by tag against REGEXP.
Using this option makes every one of the above options to be ignored
.TP
\fB\-\-display\-title\fR
display title tag of matching files
.TP
\fB\-\-display\-artist\fR
display artist tag of matching files
.TP
\fB\-\-display\-album\fR
display album tag of matching files
.TP
\fB\-\-display\-year\fR
display year tag of matching files
.TP
\fB\-\-display\-genre\fR
display genre tag of matching files
.TP
\fB\-\-display\-comment\fR
display comment tag of matching files
.TP
\fB\-\-display\-track\fR
display track tag of matching files
.TP
\fB\-\-display\-composer\fR
display composer tag of matching files
.TP
\fB\-\-display\-orig\-artist\fR
display orig\-artist tag of matching files
.TP
\fB\-\-display\-copyright\fR
display copyright tag of matching files
.TP
\fB\-\-display\-url\fR
display url tag of matching files
.TP
\fB\-\-display\-encoded\-by\fR
display encoded\-by tag of matching files
.TP
\fB\-0\fR, \fB\-\-print0\fR,
Use null character as delimiter. This option can be used with \fB\-0\fR option of xargs.
.TP
\fB\-r\fR, \fB\-\-recursive\fR
Search directories recursively
.TP
\fB\-v\fR, \fB\-\-version\fR
Display version and exit
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Display this help message
.PP
All regular expressions are PCRE regular expressions. Refer to the
PCRE documentation for details.
Report comments and bugs to a.kumar@alumni.iitm.ac.in
.SH COPYING
Copyright \(co Kumar Appaiah
.PP
License: BSD License (see COPYING file in the distribution tarball for details)
.PP
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.
.PP
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the General Public License for more details.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
\fBpcre\fP(3)
